Clarify `instance` dereferenceability (#31)
ietf-wg-httpapi/rfc7807bis: draft-ietf-httpapi-rfc7807bis.md

    organization:
    email: sanjay.dalal@cal.berkeley.edu
    uri: https://github.com/sdatspun2
 -
    ins: A. Ulsberg
    name: Asbjørn Ulsberg
    organization:
    country: Norway
    email: asbjorn@ulsberg.no

>     uri: https://asbjor.nu

Author: I don't know what the procedure around the credit of authorship for an RFC is like, so I just added myself to the author list. If that was a mistake, please let me know and I'll remove it.

Reviewer: Hey @asbjornu -- the authors/editors are assigned by the Chairs, you can't add yourself.

The "instance" member is a JSON string containing a URI reference that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem. It may or may not yield further information if dereferenced.

> When the "instance" URI is dereferenceable it may return the same problem response that was returned to the client which generated the problem originally. It may also return more information about the problem occurrence in other formats (e.g., using proactive content negotiation; see {{HTTP, Section 12.5.1}}).

Reviewer: That's correct. I've suggested changing 'may' to 'can' or 'might', just to avoid confusion with requirements language.

```suggestion
When the "instance" URI is dereferenceable it can return the same problem response that was returned to the client which generated the problem originally. It might also return more information about the problem occurrence in other formats (e.g., using proactive content negotiation; see {{HTTP, Section 12.5.1}}).
```

> When the "instance" URI is not dereferenceable, it serves as a unique identifier for the problem occurrence that may be of significance to the server, but not necessarily to the client.

Reviewer: Maybe

```suggestion
When the "instance" URI is not dereferenceable, it serves as a unique identifier for the problem occurrence that may be of significance to the server, but is opaque to the client.
```

The "instance" member is a JSON string containing a URI reference that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem. It may or may not yield further information if dereferenced.

> When the "instance" URI is dereferenceable it may return the same problem response that was returned to the client which generated the problem originally. It may also return more information about the problem occurrence in other formats (e.g., using proactive content negotiation; see {{HTTP, Section 12.5.1}}).

Reviewer 2: @mnot @dret Is this how it was originally intended? I always thought that one can use something like JSON pointer (if JSON-based content negotiations) in `instance` to pinpoint exactly where the problem is in the request for which response with problem details is sent with status `400`

Otherwise the following assumes that one has to provide a way to retrieve historic problems with an API.

>it may return the same problem response that was returned to the client which generated the problem originally
